hey people i'm just trying mine
So to do a high school diploma more or less
and the closer my statements indented
the more you concentrate
somehow to school and to the
I teach but I think the younger one
is the more likely sweatband from
teach and you think about this
and that and about everything except
about the teaching material for that
I once collected a few thoughts
the students think so normally
if you just need more things
absolutely write me in the
comments and if by the idea
you like what you can do
and now have fun with the video only
five minutes late
I'm so tired
what does that mean now
why are there so many stupid people
ZIP your lips
maybe I should take care
why are they actually playing on the radio ?
always the best songs when you are watching
wants to get out of the car
almost my things do not touch me
not on
why can anyone here except you?
stink like that
you are very high you are quite okay
nervous break but I could not
what paint or not how much time
past
why is now a two meters
big man just in front of me cool
Teachers can handle technology so well
wow yes more boring reading horny me
I do not understand anything for what
Why am I doing this?
I do not need high school reigns of
geologist which person in his life
so desperate that he mathematics
invented what would happen
if I just got up now
old cut not how old are you 8
hello look there I show
you can even see me there
How to assume homework I have to
Write me too
Of course you are blind or what is it
if you still more ring the same
I do not think of things now
I have to write in
the comments and if you like the video
Did you know what we do?
if I click here you can come to
a last video yes and if you are here
clicks now comes another video
What is also going on when I am here
soon you can subscribe me
and we'll see you again next week
and bye bye